Dad, what are you doing?
Nothing done?
Xiaoxun, you should do it, right?
I'll cook you some food.
Well, dad, are you doing enough?
Okay, what's wrong?
Really, Dad?
If you don't follow me, I'll burn it for you
It’s just the wreath of peppers before chasing each other, I think about it no matter what,
Don't scare me, it's all my fault,
I didn't make some wreaths, you are no longer here,
One is called Tudanzi,
How do I eat a few chocolates?
I will die for you!
If you ask for something, I won't beat you to death!
So cute
You're not dead
But life is not about
Can't you eat sweets if your blood sugar is high?
I just grew up and didn’t eat more.
You tell me
How did sliding chaos occur in Minato City?
Where are you sleeping?
Now that you have grown the taste
Then I will throw it away for you after you give birth.
When did your blood sugar drop?
Buy it for you again
I have to give it to you
Someone is feeling sore down there.
That's your son Wang Shen, his son Qifang
What happened yesterday?
Today I'll run away and kick Shaotian
That kick is still
Did Lao Li Tou kill him before he was alive? The royal family had already
I woke up yesterday and saw you hadn’t come back
I still found my whereabouts
Whose first-line royal prince?
I went there to eat a few days ago.
You just came back strong
You probably don’t know yet, grandpa?
But my whereabouts yesterday
I also met the royal family early
It's impossible to say anything back to her